Add check for redundant inherited statements (#212)
integrated-application-development/sonar-delphi: CHANGELOG.md

- **API:** `ArgumentNode` node type.
- **API:** `ArgumentListNode::getArgumentNodes` method.
- **API:** `AttributeNode::isAssembly` method.

> - `RedundantInherited` analysis rule, which flags redundant `inherited`s that can be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `RedundantInherited` analysis rule, which flags redundant `inherited` statements that can be safely removed.
```

Reviewer: Let's also rebase and move this out of what is now the 1.4.0 changelog.
